                   1394-Based Digital Camera Control Library
                   =========================================

1. About the 1394-Based Digital Camera Control Library

This library provides functionality to control any camera that conforms to the
1394-Based Digital Camera Specification written by the 1394 Trade Association
(http://www.1394ta.com). The specs can be downloaded for free here:
http://damien.douxchamps.net/ieee1394/libdc1394/iidc_specifications.php.
Libdc1394 utilizes the lowlevel functionality provided by libraw1394 to
communicate with the camera. Libdc1394 also uses the video1394 kernel module
for the DMA capture of the video flow.

The library is originally designed to work on Linux and was ported to OSX by
David Moore in 2006. We hope that one day we'll have a version for Windows
too. 

2. Copyleft

The 1394-Based Digital Camera Control Library is licensed under the Lesser
General Public License (short LGPL, see file COPYING in the source
distribution).  Other files in the source archives not belonging to but being
part of the build procedure of libraw1394 are under their own licenses, as
stated at the top of the individual files.

3. API documentation

A basic description of each function can be found on libdc1394 website:
http://damien.douxchamps.net/ieee1394/libdc1394/ You can also find information
for all functions in the header file dc1394_control.h. There are sample
programs in the examples/ directory, which are helpful for learning. For a more
comprehensive demonstration of the features of libdc1394, review the Coriander
application source code, available at
http://damien.douxchamps.net/ieee1394/coriander/.

4. Maintainer

The maintainer of the 1394-Based Digital Camera Control Library is currently
Damien Douxchamps. Send suggestions, bug reports and fixes to to the mailing
list libdc1394devel@lists.sf.net (subscription required). See the file AUTHORS
for a complete list of contributors.

2000-01-13  Gord Peters
2006-11-03  Damien Douxchamps
